#### Response:

      To me, what Zuboff means by "Surveillance Capitalism" is the new form of Capitalism in the new big data era. The Surveillance Capitalism also has the main feature of capitalism: accumulation. Through diverse ways, the suverillance capitalism accumulates data, knowledge and finally gains profits in the end.

      I think Zuboff mentioned in the conversation that this surveillace capitalism is somehow not managed by law or government, and she seemed to present her hope that there could be some certain laws to limit the data-gaining competition among the modern Internet companies. That idea kind of suprises me as it is interesting to hear someone from the west asking for bigger government. Because I have lived my all 20 years in China, so it is hard for me to feel the same emotions as those people from the first world capitalism countries like the USA. I just wonder is the Chinese version of this minitoring system in which the government plays the main role what Zuboff wants? It sounds wierd to me that Zuboff talks about capitalism like a wicked ghost that can get people haunted. In that sense, what we should balance is what I give up worth the stability I get and if I would replace my sarcrifices with something else.

      What's more, I still hold the opinion that human beings would always find a way to co-exist with the new techs. Zuboff worries about the new capitalism would change the way people behave and make us cold-blooded. Emmm...... Maybe that is the direction of human's evolution. I still think we should have faith in ourselves and we will find new ways to build connections between each other.
