#### Responses:

   The algorithms are supposed to reduce the probablities of human-bias influencing result, to cut down the situation where "the child good at crying can get more breast milk". And of course they do a great job in applying the uniform standard to everyone. However, human bias is not always bad in a humanistic view, as it can sometimes (maybe often) help the people who is in need of help but would always been overlooked by the algorithms.

   The two quotes "The state doesn't need a cop to kill a person" and "electronic incarceration" actually mean something similar to me. A modern restriction is to restrict you from enjoying the rights that most people do. Especially with the support of the algorithms, the restriction seems to make more sense. For example, this current virus situation acquires citizens to RSVP for limited masks online, which potentially sets great obstacles to the people who does not use the internet (like the old).

   Similarly to my first point, the systems only judge you without considering the situation you are and the past you have been through.

   In China, a common belief is that the country (I think when people say this, they mean the government) does not left out any single citizen, and at least the government is trying their best to act according to this. Also in this current virus event, many people in the closed Hubei Province need all kinds of help because of the policy. So the Weibo (the Chinese version of Twitter) actually set a space for those Hubei people to post their seeking help information and gathered a lot of workers and volunteers to contact them and offer help. I think in cases like this, we should always know that there is more that we can do but at the same time we do not need to blame ourselves for the pain some people suffer. Take good care of ourselves, then to the world.
