#### Reflection:
  Before reflecting on the connection between data and political control, I want to mention the data transfered between business companies. Many of us have received junk emails or disturbance calls and might have wondered why they have the personal information of us. Nowadays, a more scaring version of this is that an app on your phone could actually get your search history data on your PC. When these things happen again and again, we gradually get to know that it's because different business companies are sharing data somehow. I don't know if similar things happen in the western countries as well, but to me, capitlists' minitoring is not assuring than governments' sight.

  So that is what I feel about this issue. In China, people believe in the government and the police much more, so that is why the westerners always cannot understand a lot of policies here. This could be bad: if the government make wrong decisions, the result would be bad and irretrivable (we do have these examples in the last century). This could also be good: when the people gather together with the same aim, the society would become really efficient, which would do good to all (like how we act in this virus situation). So I will not specifically draw a line between politics and business. After all, what is "control"? Without data, the government would still want to chase you if you do certain things and the companies would still want to change your mind to buy their products. It's not the data's fault. 
