#### Reflection 1:

  It sounds interesting to me that it is the newspaper that records the bad information of people, as China has quickly entered the social media era and not many people are still reading newspapers now. Why I mention the newspaper is that I think what matter here is who decides how to process the past data and who is keeping it. I could totally understand how the bias towards past mistakes could greatly influence and even ruin one's life. Sometimes people are not brave enough to give someone a chance to start over, but as a society, we should accept those who want to begin a good new life. So in this sense, I think the past data should be kept secret after someone has already gotten punishments. Any request on investigating one's past data needs to be examined on reason under certain laws. Although this method sounds safe for the ones who did wrong things, they should always keep in mind that their data has never been wiped and a mistake for the second time would not treat him or her well then.

  One more thing to add: I think before talking about protecting the data of the criminals, we should do our best to keep the victims safe. What often happens is that the information of the victims is revealed which cause them a lot of difficulties. The mass sometimes are cold-blooded when hearing about others' misoftune, as a result, they often hurt the victim for a second time. Especially in this social meida era, there are a lot of things to improve on this issue.

#### Reflection 2:

   This podcast story... is attracting and somehow astonishing. This could be a script for a movie! Something like a brave reporter defeat a evil computer scientist's plan on make the human world a mess by applying facial recognition systems to the internet. Well, I do think it is easy for us to relate systems like this to some dystopian stories. After all, we have already accpet the fact that our fingerprint has been serving as a unique data of ourselves and has become a symbol to identify us. I think the development of the facial recognition is trying to similar things. Do you often hear about voices aruging against the fingerprint recognition? Not much right? I think that is because people tend to think only few people could manage the tech and the dataset of recognizing someone by fingerprint. See, what we should do about the new-coming facial recognition tech is to protect our datasets and the access to the tech but not simply feeling scared and say no.  

   The risks of the new tech, then of course coming from protecting our datasets as there are tons of photos available online. Then a substitute should be new laws restricting the access and limiting the use of facial recognition. This is not an easy work, but is something we cannot avoid.
