#### Example 1:

In 2019, I took an intern job in a Janpanese online travel agency platform company as a data analyst. The company mainly gathers hotel resources in Japan and then sell to the customers. Since the first day I started working in the global office, my boss has kept telling me that all the decisions we make should be “data-driven”. Under this belief, my work rely almost all on data. In a company that use the OKR management method, we also frequently set goals for ourselves by predicting the achievement of registration according to previous data. We do it for next year, next season, next month, even next week. However, I think two abuses make this data-driven plan not so clever. One thing is that if something is wrong with the data, the process of the whole company would be influenced. Actually I spent a lot of time dealing with broken sheets during my stay... The other thing is that prediction based on the past could not predict the uncertain events in the future. Especially in industry like traveling, any policy changes or natural disaster could effect company's profit a lot.

#### Example 2:

Another example closer to our daily life is that the apps on our phones always try to predict what we like and what we will do. The music apps would commend songs to us accroding to the records and so do the shopping apps keep pushing products similar to what you just bought. Also I think two facts make this artificial intelligence not so intelligent. One is that the things we did should not be the things we would continue doing. Prediction like these actually limits the possibility for us to enter other worlds. The other is that we should have the rights to regret or to say no to the things we did. I used to like some type of music doesn't mean I will still like it in ten years. And as a matter of fact, the favor of human changes rapidly. If the origin purpose of the data set changes, the prediction would easily lose its meaning. 

#### Example 3:

After all, this whole prediction thing make me think of the traditional Chinese divination. People in ancient times concludes different phases of the divination result from the book Yi. One phase or combinaton of phases correspond to a fortune. People use this kind of method to predict the future and do things to avoid certain events from happening. We now all know this makes no sense, but it sheds light on the fact that something wrong and ridiculous would happen if we apply the wrong empirical analysis to the data set.
